Use Dependency Injection for User Feedback on ASP.NET Core (#1460)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/enriching-error-data/user-feedback-example/aspnetcore.md

<script src="https://browser.sentry-cdn.com/{% sdk_version sentry.javascript.browser %}/bundle.min.js" integrity="{% sdk_cdn_checksum sentry.javascript.browser latest bundle.min.js %}" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>

@using Sentry
@inject IOptions<SentryAspNetCoreOptions> SentryOptions

@if (SentrySdk.LastEventId != Guid.Empty)
{
    <script>
        Sentry.init({ dsn: '@(SentryOptions.Value.Dsn)' });
        Sentry.showReportDialog({ eventId: '@SentrySdk.LastEventId' });
    </script>
}
```

> If you configured Sentry without Dependency Injection (e.g. without `UseSentry()`) you can also configure the SDK using a hard-coded DSN in the template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you configured Sentry without the Dependency Injection (for example, without `UseSentry()`) you can also configure the SDK using a hard-coded DSN in the template:
```
